Add RPC "simulate" to execute a dry run of a transaction (#5069)
XRPLF/rippled: API-CHANGELOG.md

The `network_id` field was added in the `server_info` response in version 1.5.0 (2019), but it is not returned in [reporting mode](https://xrpl.org/rippled-server-modes.html#reporting-mode). However, use of reporting mode is now discouraged, in favor of using [Clio](https://github.com/XRPLF/clio) instead.

## XRP Ledger server version 2.3.0

### BREAKING CHANGES

> - `book_changes`: If the requested ledger version is not available on this node, a `ledgerNotFound` error is returned and the node does not attempt to acquire the ledger from the p2p network (as with other non-admin RPCs). Admins can still attempt to retrieve old ledgers with the `ledger_request` RPC.

Reviewer: Don't see this change implemented here

Author: fixed

### Additions

Additions are intended to be non-breaking (because they are purely additive).

> - `book_changes`: Returns a `validated` field in its response, which was missing in prior versions.

Reviewer: Don't see this change implemented here

## XRP Ledger server version 2.4.0

As of 2025-01-27, version 2.4.0 is in development. You can use a pre-release version by building from source or [using the `nightly` package](https://xrpl.org/docs/infrastructure/installation/install-rippled-on-ubuntu).

### Additions and bugfixes in 2.4.0

> - `simulate`: A new RPC that executes a dry run of a transaction submission without actually submitting it to the network for inclusion.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to shorten this line and add a link (possible under the phrase "dry run of a transaction") to https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/tree/master/XLS-0069d-simulate#2-rpc-simulate, something like this

```suggestion
- `simulate`: A new RPC that executes a [dry run of a transaction submission](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/tree/master/XLS-0069d-simulate#2-rpc-simulate)
```

Reviewer 2: Would also add a point re. fixed fee auto-fill in `submit` , sign-and-submit mode. Do not feel strongly about it.

Author: Fixed both in a744645f7d2e7142512791a6bb2abaaff26bd62e
